snake there's another set of infrared
sensors in place if you touch that the
explosives will detonate and that ship
will be pulverized I'm not in the mood
to go sleep with the fishes but there
are too many sensors looks like I'll
have to find another way no need to
worry there's a way through take a close
look do you see the thing with blinking
green lights right next to the
explosives that's the control unit for
the sensors destroy that and the sensor
stop functioning you can't get in close
enough to touch it so you'll have to
shoot it out but the m9 s knockout
rounds won't work the USP you picked up
should do the trick use that gun
verrazano bridge checkpoint passed all
non-essential personnel report to the
holes in 10 minutes time for the
scheduled briefing session with the
Commandant your order to continue man
you post until that time
oh no we have sealed the store not the
lift is also under our control sir the
marine commander has started his speech
already all communications to the holes
have been severed no one is aware of our
presence yes sir we will secure your
exit with our lives if necessary yes sir
yes sir
who's there
who goes there oh gosh Oscar why are you
here we thought you were with the Kerner
what
the colonel will be joining you soon
comrade